Document digital voucher lifecycle (#1568)
guardian/support-service-lambdas: handlers/digital-voucher-api/README.md

This api provides access to Imovo's digital voucher services. This supports the provisioning and 
management of Imovo's cards used by customers to redeem subscriptions.

Digital vouchers are also known as **Subscription Cards**.

---

## Digital voucher lifecycle

> Digital vouchers are managed by i-Movo and provisioned by another top-secret third-party supplier.

Reviewer: what does provisioned mean? sent out
```suggestion
Digital vouchers are managed by i-Movo and cards are physically sent out by a third-party supplier.
```
